README.md, before:

Working repo for companion app to Nature Medicine paper  

To run, check out directory then build app datasets with data_raw/make_app_data.R  
App data are (large) excluded from version control via .gitignore  
When inst/extdata has the city_ country_ region_ folders run with:  

`golem::document_and_reload(); run_app()`

To add ?  

- help page
  - Scenario/Component toggle
  - Map clicks to see values
- research page/glossary

To fix/check

- scenario label (Component: to Including:, both(?))
- shorter/more even column names (table tab)
- Attributable number to Excess deaths
- Shift colour scale towards more intense to prevent cities being invisible with light background
- REverse direction of total scale, lighter better darker worse
- No data text, hide markers when no data
- Cities in local languages vs cities in english
- Input filtering for table taken from mod_map_inputs
- "In development" warning
- colour scale and legend, set static for full data range, this would mean we see the change through time well
- carry over inputs for table filter from map inputs, maybe even fill in the datatable boxes...

Commit message:

made changes but now app quits without error

README.md, after:

Working repo for companion app to Nature Medicine paper  

To run, check out directory then build app datasets with data_raw/make_app_data.R  
App data are (large) excluded from version control via .gitignore  
When inst/extdata has the city_ country_ region_ folders run with:  

`golem::document_and_reload(); run_app()`

To add ?  

- help page
  - Scenario/Component toggle
  - Map clicks to see values
- research page/glossary

To fix/check

- scenario label (Component: to Including:, both(?))
-> now "Including" and "Both"  labels
- shorter/more even column names (table tab)
- Attributable number to Excess deaths
- Shift colour scale towards more intense to prevent cities being invisible with light background
-> instead added circle outlines
- Reverse direction of total scale, lighter better darker worse
-> rev(pal)
- No data text, hide markers when no data
- Cities in local languages vs cities in English
-> changes some cities to english, non-manual lookup for this difficult to find
- Input filtering for table taken from mod_map_inputs
- "In development" warning
- colour scale and legend, set static for full data range, this would mean we see the change through time well
- carry over inputs for table filter from map inputs, maybe even fill in the datatable boxes...
